# social-local-video-marketing
Merkantek SOCIAL | LOCAL | VIDEO Marketing Agent is currently offering : I am selling Backlink Creation and Ranking Services to both online and off-line businesses and  I ask very low prices and try offering high quality. I like to work hard, live hard and play hard, but  I am also mentored on How To Do Business by a great self-made young (49) millionaire. Various services we offer :  - backlink creation  - translating Youtube videos, so they rank in other languages than English only.  Title, description, tags and captions and/or sub-titles. (up to 20 languages per video) - thumbnail creation, so your videos stand out on YT and are chosen earlier to watch.  Incl. quality controll by 1/2 simultaneous split-testing and YT AI algorithm check.  I know these services make the difference in the online space out there and  your sales and engagements will increase like crazy and boosting turn-over. Still I keep on working for very low prices, for "near factory prices" I like to call it and  that means that everything I do is including Cost, Insurance, Freight, C.I.F. Can you follow? :) I don't like to over-charge and I do like the work, so rather little margin and more clients.  Also all products I offer are "dynamic", that means though you pay per delivered product,  say thumbnails and you order 3 every week, when in one quiet week you don't offer at all,  I will still work on the already delivered products through split-testing or replacements,  seeking real High Quality for both of us.  I will take action for you in Full-Continuum, fully contineous! Furthermore, I would like to thank you very much and please feel free to send me a message,  when you have questions. Just leave your telephone number or email and you will see  something is going to work out for you so you also will be able to benefit from the above.
